Simplify instrumentation for phoenix (#697)
huggingface/smolagents: docs/source/en/tutorials/inspect_runs.mdx

> Finally, set up `SmolagentsInstrumentor` to trace your agents and send the traces to Phoenix at the endpoint defined below.

Reviewer: The endpoint is no longer explicitly defined below.
```suggestion
Finally, set up `SmolagentsInstrumentor` to trace your agents and send the traces to Phoenix default endpoint.
```
